Added prompt type option and README for MSAL2Provider (#991)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-toolkit: packages/providers/mgt-msal2-provider/README.md

# Microsoft Graph Toolkit MSAL 2.0 Provider

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@microsoft/mgt-msal2-provider?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@microsoft/mgt-msal2-provider)

The [Microsoft Graph Toolkit (mgt)](https://aka.ms/mgt) library is a collection of authentication providers and UI components powered by Microsoft Graph. 

> The `@microsoft/mgt-msal2-provider` package exposes the `Msal2Provider` class which uses MSAL.js to sign in users and acquire tokens to use with Microsoft Graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@microsoft/mgt-msal2-provider` package exposes the `Msal2Provider` class which uses [msal-browser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/msal-browser) to sign in users and acquire tokens to use with Microsoft Graph.
```

## Usage

1. Install the packages

    ```bash
    npm install @microsoft/mgt-element @microsoft/mgt-msal2-provider
    ```

2. Initialize the provider in code

    ```ts
    import {Providers, LoginType} from '@microsoft/mgt-element';
    import {Msal2Provider, PromptType} from '@microsoft/mgt-msal2-provider';

    // initialize the auth provider globally
    Providers.globalProvider = new Msal2Provider({
      clientId: 'clientId',
      isMultiAccountDisabled?: Boolean, //Set this to true to disable multi account functionality
      scopes?: string[],
      authority?: string,
      redirectUri?: string,
      loginType?: LoginType, // LoginType.Popup or LoginType.Redirect (redirect is default)
      prompt?: PromptType, // PromptType.CONSENT, PromptType.LOGIN or PromptType.SELECT_ACCOUNT

>       loginHint?: string,

Reviewer: Shouldn't there also be an `sid` option
